0.  BMP:    This can vary depending on the size of storage bit, can be 1-bit = 2 colours, 2-bit = 4 colours, 4-bit = 16 colours,
            and on to a maximum of 32-bit which would support 2^32 colours
            
    GIF:    Maximum bit size is 8-bit, meaning a GIF can support 256 colours
    
    JPEG:   Maximum bit size is 24-bit, meaning a JPEG can support 2^24 colours
    
    PNG:    Maximum bit size is 32-bit, however unlike JPEG a PNG uses the extra 8-bits for the alpha channel (transparency), meaning that
            a PNG supports 2^24 colours but with the ability to vary transparency
    
    
1.  GIF supports animation


2.  Lossy compression occurs when information is thrown away as part of the compression process, making the compression not entirely reversible.
    Lossless on the other hand retains all information; meaning that once compressed, a file can be uncompressed to be 1:1 with the original.


3.  JPEG is lossy.


4.  The FAT file system treats an erase file command as follows:
        
        1. The system modifies the first character in the filename to indicate that it has been deleted
        
        2. The system moves the files clusters to the free portion of the hard drive, the actual data is not touched


5.  In order to ensure (with high probability) that deleted files stay deleted you can:

        1. Overwrite the drive's free space, think of Apple's "write-to-zero" option in Disk Utility
        
        2. Degauss the drive, which randomizes the drive's magnetic domain, although this will most likely leave the drive unusable
        
        3. Physically destroy the drive, thereby rendering it unusable
        

6.  The #include <stdint.h> line pulls in a header file (stdint.h) that contains a number of integer type definitions (typedef) of fixed width. The purpose of these being
    to enhance a program's portability across various hardware where the actual size on an int may vary. Essentially this creates a standardized (fixed) width for these
    new int types, which can guarantee that:
    
        1. Exact-width integer types have the same number N of bits across all implementations (if available in implementation)
        
        2. Least-width integer types are the smallest type available
        
        3. Maximum-width integer types are the largest integer type in the implementation
        
        4. Faster integer types are the faster types available
        
        5. Pointer integer types are able to hold a pointer
        

7.  These predefined types allow for specific number usage; this is useful for tasks where you want to fill a specific amount of space
    in a file, for example in BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER we want to ensure those are a standard size each time so we know to
    ignore them when rendering the pixels.


8.  BYTE:   8-bits  =   1-byte
    DWORD:  32-bits =   4-bytes
    LONG:   32-bits =   4-bytes
    WORD:   16-bits =   2-bytes
    

9.  The "magic number" of a BMP files is stored in bfType and is equal to BM in ASCII or 0x424d in Hex.


10. The variable bfSize resides in the file header and specifies the size of the file itself,
    whereas biSize resides in the INFO header and specifies the size of that header (40 for a bitmap).


11. If biHeight is negative (biHeight being the height of the image in pixels), this means that the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper left corner. Conversely,
    if biHeight is possitive, the bitmap is bottom-up DIB and it's origin is the lower left corner.


12. Colour depth is specified by biBitCount


13. If there is no file to open, copy.c:37 will return NULL because it can't find the file.


14. The third argument in fread specifies how many elements we want to read (nmemb), since we're always reading a struct we need only to
    specify 1 as the argument.


15. Padding = 3 (3 px * 3-bytes/px * 3 padding = 12 - is a multiple of 4)


16. fseek moves the file position indicator to a specific location in a file.


17. SEEK_CUR is an integer constant which allows the fseek (or fseeko) function to move relative to the current file position (must be passed in as the "whence" arg).


18. Looks like Rob Bowden holding a cat!
